WORKPLAN

Stuff to do:

allegiance: Order legacy, Order treasury(wealth), Order domain(might), Order library(knowledge)
*Order must be at least certain size OR control at least one shire before it can have its own legacy, library, etc
*until then, those things refer to order leader's legacy, home shire's library, etc

hungry goblins' conversion to savage should be temporary (thats why no construction: builders starve and become savages)
bug? number of buyers of (r) good > 0 even when it shows no bid price?
bug? unit test: check auction clearing with self-transaction (bidder = offerer)
on unheired death, etc, owned property goes to lord/governor/market?

new Clan Scroll GUI?
BASIC - basic info, values/ideology, behaviors
PLEASURE (diamond) - copulation: suitor, numspawn; beauty: grandeur; harmony: stuff
HONOR (club) - allegiance: order accomplishments?; legacy: legacy buckets; righteousness: commandments
POWER (spade) - might: battle stats; influence: order chart; wealth: nav, millet, assets
WISDOM (heart) - expertise: skills; knowledge: library contributions, wisdom; spirituality: holiness, etc
QUESTS/GOBLOG

BUG when recruiting your own boss, if recruitment succeeds, old boss should become minion
BUG in breeding display offspring face... try using bald parent, i got instance where child was never bald
Goblin Profile Select Previous Goblins
Death, Sex, and Migration
Eating & buildwealth on hunger
Shire Environment
Trader Job
Rent Market incomplete
More Quests
Refactoring Defs
Stressor Reactions
Continuous Play/Pause

VALUE QUEST & MINISTRY PRIORITIES
wealth
	self - build wealth: do trader job
	ministry - figure out everything
copulation (mostly done, ministry not split out properly)
	self - fix it up, do compete4mate properly
	ministry - fix up
allegiance (mostly done)
	self - ok
	ministry - confirm
expertise
	self - ok
	ministry - confirm
influence
	self - recruit, propaganda
	ministry - same
beauty (mostly done, depends a lot on traders)
righteousness (half-done already)
knowledge (all the philosophy quests...)
	other triggers: BLAME shire -> find knowledge on better shires
might
	MIGHT SHOULD BE ABOUT TERRITORY
	maybe num shires conquered - num shires lost... then this can attribute both to the person doing the fighting AND the patron!
	when comparing value, if this num is equal then rely on COMBATP...
	after wealth, choice between influence (light side) and might (dark side),
	with influence being about "having" people and might being about "having"
	governor benefits such as border control, tariffs, taxes, book-burning rights, etc.
	maybe even works requiring writing to attribute to order but just building to attribute to shire
	IN THIS CASE VALUATION OF MIGHT, PURSUIT OF MIGHT ARE ABOUT SHIRES, BUT ESTIMATION OF COMBAT STRENGTH IS SEPARATE
	FormArmy should trigger upQuest differently depending on attack or defense
harmony
	self - relieve stressors
	ministry - relieve stressors for patron
legacy (mostly done)
spirituality (half done)



knowledge examples
top 3 values in shire/order
top 3 memes in shire/order
top predictor meme for given value
top discrete stat for given value (job, prayer)